# Meeting Notes
- **Date:** 2025-05-06
- **Time:** 9:00 (PST)
- **Location:** [Teams Meeting](https://teams.microsoft.com/dl/launcher/launcher.html?url=%2F_%23%2Fl%2Fmeetup-join%2F19%3Ameeting_MDFlZTNmN2ItODU2MS00MDUwLWFhMmQtYjg1Zjk5Y2Q0ZWUy%40thread.v2%2F0%3Fcontext%3D%257b%2522Tid%2522%253a%252232669cd6-737f-4b39-8bdd-d6951120d3fc%2522%252c%2522Oid%2522%253a%25229396d18b-b5cf-4bed-98a0-1cfb7dc82663%2522%257d%26anon%3Dtrue&type=meetup-join&deeplinkId=8d7d3f17-b251-4064-ba9b-1605f71450f2&directDl=true&msLaunch=true&enableMobilePage=true&suppressPrompt=true)
- **Facilitator:** @jeromelecoq @IBussi @hbelski
  
---

## Meeting Recording

<div class="video-wrapper">
    <iframe width="100%" height="450" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/7x45HfDjVlg" title="OpenScope Predictive Processing Meeting - May 6, 2025" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

## Agenda

1. Walk through [project website](https://allenneuraldynamics.github.io/openscope-community-predictive-processing/)
2. Brief recap of the [project goals](../detailed-experimental-plan.md)
3. Discussion on [collaboration guidelines](../collaboration-policy.md)
   Goal: Agree on guidelines
4. Discussion on how we [track progress](../project-tracking.md)
   Goal: Share how we will track progress at the Allen Institute. On board more teams.
5. Discussion on [Stimulus design and deployment](../stimuli/list_scripts.md)
   Goal: Align on timeline and sub-groups involved.
6. Discussion on [Analysis plans and tracking](../analysis-plan.md)
   Goal: Align on list of analysis projects and facilitate sub-groups formation.

---

## Notes

**Introductions and Project Overview**
   
- First public kick-off for the Predictive Processing project. 
- Round of introductions from the Allen Institute team. 
- Walkthrough of the project website 

**Experimental Design**

- Many community members are collecting data independently in their own labs. 
- Kaspar asked whether the experimental design is finalized. 
    - Jerome clarified: protocols defined and carried out by OpenScope are already defined. However, satellite experiments can still evolve. 
- Consistency across labs will be a challenge, but using shared stimuli helps ensure alignment. 

**Collaboration Policy**

- Jerome walked attendees through the collaboration policy. 
- Kaspar raised a question about authorship order in data set that were produced by independent labs. 
    - Publications will be led by contributing groups; if disputes arise, the Steering Committee will help resolve them. 
- Julien asked how to contribute experimental data. 
    - Jerome encouraged contributors to reach out. If data has already been collected, it can be added to the website with an explanation of how it complements the existing dataset. 
- Ryszard mentioned their team is contributing to the analysis plan. 
    - Jerome noted that current analysis tickets are mostly placeholders, but people can begin contributing directly on the GitHub board. 
- Karim asked about incorporating stimulus variations and how to determine whether such data falls under the umbrella of the project. 
    - Jerome: If the project is listed on the website, labs should strive to align with the experimental design or clearly describe any deviations. 
    - Iterative updates and variations are welcome as long as they're documented and justified. 
 
**Project Tracking**

- The team at the Allen is using a Kanban board to track tasks, which includes many placeholders to be refined over time. 
- External labs are encouraged to use the same system to promote transparency and facilitate coordination.

**Stimulus Design & Deployment**

- Stimulus development resources are available in the “Project Resources” section of the website. 
- Scripts were developed in Bonsai, and Josh Siegle wrote a guide comparing Bonsai and Python. 
- Four required stimuli, three are currently under development. 
- The standard mismatch oddball script is nearly complete, with some data already collected and available in NWB format on the website. 
    - Jerome collaborated with Kaspar and Maedeh to adapt the script for SLAP2 systems. 
- Plan to schedule a biweekly stimulus design meeting for ongoing coordination. 
- Andre commented they are working on adapting the protocol to primates. Requested feedback on how to tailor the proposed paradigm. One potential approach involves using joysticks. 
    - Jerome: Several joystick-controlled stimulus possibilities; ideas still developing. Encourage people to use the discussion windows to start a thread on the topics that need more discussion. 
- Alex and Karim: Discussed gain variations and speed control in stimuli. 
    - Jerome confirmed gain is easily modifiable in the script. 
- Any changes agreed upon in discussion should then be added to the relevant pages on the website. 
- Jerome added access control to the main branch of the repo. Interested contributors can request editing permissions. 
 
**Analysis Plan and Coordination** 

- The project focuses on three main hypotheses, each with associated analyses. 
- Coordination needed as data comes in to avoid duplication of efforts. 
- SLAP2 dataset is available on DANDI, ready for analysis. 
    - Preliminary data shows dendritic responses to oddball stimuli. 
    - Results to be presented in upcoming meetings. 
- Alex suggested creating a discussion page for analysis to facilitate feedback and idea sharing. 
- Kaspar suggested to organize experiments on the website into groups rather than individual listings. 
- Jerome encourage people to sue mkdocs.yml to add entries to the website and reorganize the experiments.
  

### Next Steps and Action Items

**- Next meeting 5/13:** Stimulus design discussion. 
**- Following meeting 5/20:** Deep dive into analysis plan, including SLAP2 data. 
