# Experiment Session Notes

- **Mouse ID:** 794237
- **Date:** 2025-04-03
- **Experimenter:** @Seyedolmohadesin @rcpeene @jeromelecoq @KasparP
- **Rig / Setup ID:** SLAP2
- **Stimulus version:** [30a4291398f5054fcb769db5d45e388f34dcbce2](https://github.com/AllenNeuralDynamics/openscope-community-predictive-processing/blob/30a4291398f5054fcb769db5d45e388f34dcbce2/src/Standard_oddball_slap2.bonsai)
- **Protocol followed:** Glutamate imaging, 30 min experiment
- **Notes & Issues:**
    - Virus details:
      - (pHp.eB) 5E12 ExP32222-hSyn-Flex-iGluSnFR4.v9601.NGR
      - 1E12 AAB.pHp.eB-CAG.Flex.NES.JRGECO1a.WPRE.SV40
      - 6E8 AAV.php.eB-CamK|I0.4.Cre.SV40
    - Bonsai files were changed to have clean START and STOP logging in CSV files.
    - CSV also contains START and STOP of SLAP2 as well as SPACE BAR frame number.
    - The DIO2 port is turned on when grating starts to provide accurate alignment to grating starts.
    - Stimulus has a full receptive field mapping code now pulling from a separate CSV file for all parameters.
    - Mouse:
      - C57 wild type, male, born 2025-01-07.
      - Injected with iGluSnFR4 in V1 on 2025-03-12.
    - Imaging:
      - Started at 10:39, ended at 11:13.
      - Input to BONSAI:
        - Baseline: 960
        - Mismatch: 8
        - Receptive field: 6
      - We should check code for Baseline/Mismatch ratio to guarantee the right occurrence probability.
      - Two planes chosen: Layers 2/3 cell.
      - We are approximately in V1, this is not precisely targeted in this experiment.
      - One soma and proximal dendrites in upper layers.
      - Planes are chosen by eye.
      - Dendrites are drawn by hand in proximal and apical dendrites.
      - Signal was strong, somas and dendrites clearly visible.
    - Maedeh acquired reference stacks for online motion correction.
    - Laser cooling oscillating fan caused noise every 20s (measured with watch), probably related to some feedback weight that needs to be optimized.
    - We expect this sound to be noticeable by mice.
    - Data stored at: `/allen/scratch/OpenScope/Slap2/Data/794237/`
    - Frame logging CSV file ended 2 min in due to a bug.
    - We identified the bug in the code (a TakeUntil was left with a delay).
    - The grating should still be possible to align since we have all parameters of the orientations.
    - A pulse is sent on Digital Port 2 of the Bonsai card at the start of each grating along with start and stop of SLAP2 imaging on DO0 and D01.
    - We confirmed in the file that those are present.

## Related Documents

- **[Experiment Summary](../experiment-summary.md)**: Overview of all conducted experiments
- **[Hardware Overview - SLAP2](../hardware/allen_institute_slap2_hardware.md)**: Detailed information about the SLAP2 recording system
- **[Experimental Plan](../experimental-plan.md)**: Overview of experimental paradigms and protocols used
